README.md, before:

This package contains programs which analyze the 
motion vections from the h264 coarse motion estimation, see
http://www.raspberrypi.org/vectors-from-coarse-motion-estimation/

Thread for discussions:
http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=43&t=76482


Applications:
==============

1. The program DisplayBlobs shows the usage of the BlobDetection
library. Called without any arguments it shows blobs from the
images folder and allows the off line analysis of images
to find good parameter sets for the detection.
 
Notes:
• Requires OpenCV
• Execute: ./DisplayBlobs [algorithm number] [imagepath] [thresh] [stepwidth]
		- algorithm number should be 0 or 1.
• Adding 1 as sixth argument starts a performance test. (Do not forget
	to compile to activate the relase/optimization flags for this)
 
2. Raspivid (see apps/raspivid/ ) is a modification of the official
raspivid applications. It was extended by the OpenGL functionalities 
of raspistill. The output of founded blobs is realized as OpenGL texture,
thus be sure to activate the OpenGL output if you start the application.
 
Notes:
• This app is currently only in an EXPERIMENTAL phase! 
• Requires OpenGLES 2.0
• Start with
		cd build/apps/raspivid
		./start
• Example set of arguments:
	./raspivid -o /dev/null -x /dev/null -t 0 --preview '0,0,800,600' \
		--gl --glwin '0,0,800,600' --glscene motion 
 
3. Pong (see apps/pong) is a game stub for 1-2 players. Runs even in HD with 30fps.
• Start with
	cd build/apps/pong
	./start
• Add the arguments "low" and "right" to start the game in a lower resolution and
	only one player.


Compiling:
==========

	mkdir bulid
	cd build
	cmake [-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release] ..
	make

 If you compile on the RPi: Please note that the compiling 
 of the release version (-O3) requires a big amount of memory.
 Reduce the memory for the gpu at 64MB (config.txt) or enable the
 swapping file (very slow).

 If you compile on other systems: Add the cmake flag
 -DWITH_RPI=0
 to disable the parts which requires RPi dependecies.

Commit message:

Add --waitAndFix argument to Raspivid by ethanol100, see https://github.com/ethanol100/userland/tree/expOff/host_applications/linux/apps/raspicam This argument allows the setting of the exposure mode after the camera was initialised.

README.md, after:

This package contains programs which analyze the 
motion vections from the h264 coarse motion estimation, see
http://www.raspberrypi.org/vectors-from-coarse-motion-estimation/

Thread for discussions:
http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=43&t=76482


Applications:
==============

1. The program DisplayBlobs shows the usage of the BlobDetection
library. Called without any arguments it shows blobs from the
images folder and allows the off line analysis of images
to find good parameter sets for the detection.
 
Notes:
• Requires OpenCV
• Execute: ./DisplayBlobs [algorithm number] [imagepath] [thresh] [stepwidth]
		- algorithm number should be 0 or 1.
• Adding 1 as sixth argument starts a performance test. (Do not forget
	to compile to activate the relase/optimization flags for this)
 
2. Raspivid (see apps/raspivid/ ) is a modification of the official
raspivid applications. It was extended by the OpenGL functionalities 
of raspistill. The output of founded blobs is realized as OpenGL texture,
thus be sure to activate the OpenGL output if you start the application.
 
Notes:
• This app is currently only in an EXPERIMENTAL phase! 
• Requires OpenGLES 2.0
• Start with
		cd build/apps/raspivid
		./start
• Example set of arguments:
	./raspivid -o /dev/null -x /dev/null -t 0 --preview '0,0,800,600' \
		--gl --glwin '0,0,800,600' --glscene motion 
 
3. Pong (see apps/pong) is a game stub for 1-2 players. Runs even in HD with 30fps.
• Start with
	cd build/apps/pong
	./start
• Add the arguments "low" and "right" to start the game in a lower resolution and
	only one player.
• Start of game is delayed until the camera was calibrated
  and at least two blobs was detected.


Compiling:
==========

	mkdir bulid
	cd build
	cmake [-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release] ..
	make

 If you compile on the RPi: Please note that the compiling 
 of the release version (-O3) requires a big amount of memory.
 Reduce the memory for the gpu at 64MB (config.txt) or enable the
 swapping file (very slow).

 If you compile on other systems: Add the cmake flag
 -DWITH_RPI=0
 to disable the parts which requires RPi dependecies.
